That is what is about to happen with Judge Samuel Alito, in my opinion, because he has one tragic flaw - a very serious blind spot in his thinking - which makes him completely unacceptable for the position of Supreme Court Justice: He does not really agree with the system of "Checks and Balances" built into the Constitution, and he is ready to start tearing it down in order to follow the "Unitary Executive Theory," which calls for vastly-increased Presidential Power at the expense of Congress and the Supreme Court. And because of this tragic flaw . . . "He Would Tear Down Our System Of Checks And Balances, Giving Far Too Much Power To The President." In our Constitutional system, we have three branches of the Federal Government: the Legislative, Executive, and Judicial branches. And the basic idea behind the Checks and Balances we have is that if one branch of the Government goes crazy, the other two can hold it down. But Samuel Alito believes in a little-known Constitutional theory - called the "Unitary Executive Theory" - which says that the President should have complete control over the Executive Branch, and that the Executive Branch should be in charge of almost everything that the Government actually does, including the functions of the Independent Agencies which were designed to be free of Presidential control, and the Military, which exists, which is regulated, and which is funded by specific authority given by the Constitution to Congress, not to the President. The Military is not part of the Executive Branch: it is a separate entity. "Commander In Chief" doesn't mean that he is the boss of the Military, merely that he is the Administrator, just as he is the Administrator of the Executive Branch, charged with "executing faithfully" all the laws passed by Congress and all the Decisions rendered by the Supreme Court. Under the Unitary Executive Theory, the Laws of Congress and Decisions of the Supreme Court have no actual authority unless the President agrees with them. And so Congress and the Supreme Court become mere advisors to the President, with no real authority over him. 