The CURSE OF GOD carried on until he was shot dead. It is interesting to notice that he was shot seven times, being seven, as well as three, the holy numbers in Holy Cabalah tradition.... After George Harrison, said arrogantly in a video filmed in his studio at Henley on Thames: "I want to talk about the divinity of man", he was given throat cancer by GOD because of those words, which made metastasis and carried on to final death.. To Paul McCartney whose company's logo was a person toying with the planets as if he was a god, and who was being very much deluded in his ego trip by the fact that he was made "Sir" (when in England even the road sweeper is made Sir, as long as he produces money for the nation), GOD provided cancer to the wife. The advertising farce of how much he loved Linda (woman whose quality he did not deserve), was exposed when it was known that Paul had an affair with Heather Mills, Linda's intimate friend, with whom McCartney went on a trip to New York and to whom he bought things and presents, while he was still mourning for his "dear Linda". At the same time McCartney was going out with Heather Mills, he used Linda's death for promotional ends, due to his waning popularity. Paul was going out with Heather, but in front of the audience he played the faithful husband's masquerade pretending to suffer for Linda, for the afore mentioned promotional ends. Paul admitted that he made Linda suffer a lot, but he didn't say that it was because he felt insecure as a man due to his womanish face and effeminate manners and also because with his age his sexual power was not the same, even though it has never been much. The early days were the days of competition between Paul and his wife and John and his wife and he knew he had to compete with ugly John for the leadership of the band in front of their wives and having Yoko Ono made him aware of his lack of virility and repressed homosexuality, he grew the beard that we see in the "Let it Be" film and started to show pictures of naked women in the same film, doing every effort he could to be seen as a man.... It is easy to note the uneasiness of McCartney when he sings: "I've got a feeling, a feeling I can't hide..." in front of Yoko in the film. 