It will vanish and shrink. We are more popular than Jesus and Pope".... That was the day that GOD'S CURSE fell upon the world of Rock. One week after that declaration, ONLY ONE WEEK LATER, Brian Epstein, forger of the Beatle farce, died from an overdose. From then on, the Beatles began to get involved in false religions and to preach them to the world. John Lennon's divorce followed, as well as his entering the world of black magic, as deeply as to buy the apartment. where the "Rosemary's baby" had been filmed, previous property of Roman Polansky, and in that same apartment John Lennon had a room upholstered with black silk where he used to do his black magic operations. Came the disintegration of the Beatles' minds with LSD which has caused, among others, schizophrenic lyrics such as "I am the Walrus" and incoherent schizophrenic musical expositions like "Revolution number 9". At the same time, the devil acted through his other main puppets with "Sympathy for the devil" that was when the pact of the Rolling Stones with Satan took the life of the founder of the group, the guitarist Brian Jones (who refused to be a puppet of the devil), murdered by people sent by Mick Jagger, another assassin. Antichrist John Lennon followed the Devil's strategy writing lyrics such as "God is a concept by which we measure our pain...I don't believe in Jesus, etc., etc.," (God) and "and no religions too..." (Imagine). Antichrist John Lennon wanted to compete with Jesus Christ, and so he grew a beard and started to make a bogus role of Christ together with Yoko Ono at the Amsterdam Hilton hotel proclaiming "Peace", being then when he was visited by the Canadian journalist who ridiculized and admonished him wanting to know about what Lennon meant when he wrote in the lyrics of "The ballad of John and Yoko": "the way things are going, they're going to crucify me...", The CURSE OF GOD upon John Lennon carried on with all type of miseries and distresses which made Lennon give the interview to the "Rolling Stone" magazine (today condensed in the "Lennon remembers" book) where he speaks about how bad thing were going for him blaming "whatever is up there" for it (referring to God). 